There are many steps
on the path to priesthood.
[KIKI]
To enter the training ground,
one must first
undergo "tokudo."
There's a lot to it.
Like reading sutras
and assorted other texts,
and performing
all kinds of rituals.
Yeah. Basically, it's how
one would become a priest.
Yuzuki hasn't undergone
tokudo yet, either.
-[MIA, AKAGAMI] Huh?!
-Are you surprised?
You and she are
effectively at the same level.
You see, students usually spend
a year training for tokudo.
She's trying to do it in
half that time,
while simultaneously
attending school.
To become head priest
just as quickly as possible.
She'll need to finish
within three months' time.
Too much of a challenge?
If that's the case, then
the engagement is off.
[KIKI] We've got a
tokudo problem, Yuzuki.
The ceremony
is supposed to be held
at the temple
where the candidate trained.
Namely,
the main hall of this temple.
Yeah?
Key sect members will attend
the ceremony as well.
But before that happens,
the temple
is subject to an inspection.
[screaming]
[YUZUKI] We can't
afford to repair the statue!
[AKAGAMI]
No way!
[KIKI]
There's no way around it.
The principal figure
must be repaired
if we're to host
a tokudo ceremony.
At the very least,
something will have to be
done about its broken neck.
I've started asking around
to get an idea of the expense,
and at the very least,
it'll cost 500,000 yen.
Wow. That's definitely
more than I was expecting.
I should have acted sooner.
I'm sorry.
[YUZUKI]
Don't worry.
I'll figure something out.
Yuzuki. How are
you this confident?
I have a feeling
things will be fine,
so I'm sure it's true.
There's optimistic,
and then there's stupid!
Have you been listening
to a single word I've said?
Just think for a minute!
How are we gonna come up
with 500,000 yen?
We're flat broke,
badly short-staffed.
Can't even afford the upkeep
on our principal figure.
Hoan was well
aware of these things,
and nonetheless,
he insisted that
I undergo tokudo
within three months.
If I should fail to
achieve this much,
then what hope
do we have of ever
turning our
circumstances around?
So again, don't worry.
Leave it to me.
Because, after all,
I'm the one who's going to
take over Mikazuki Temple!
[AKAGAMI]
I can't.
I won't allow Yuzuki to bear
the entirety of this burden.
My contact information, huh?
I want to keep this quiet
from the others,
so I'd better not use the
temple's phone number.
But I don't currently
have a phone of my own.
[grunting]
Well, then.
I'll have to borrow one.
[knocking]
Yuzuki? Do you have a moment?
[YUZUKI]
Huh? Akagami?
-Hold on, okay?
-Okay.
Sorry about that.
Is there something I can do
for you?
Oh wait, let's not
talk out in the hall.
Why don't you come in?
Now, then.
How can I help you?
[giggles]
[AKAGAMI]
So, like,
am I supposed to
pretend I don't notice?
She is wearing a
maid uniform, right?
Why is she acting like
that's perfectly normal?
-Is something bothering
you, Akagami? -No!
Not in the least!
[AKAGAMI]
Settle down.
The only reason you're here
is to borrow a phone.
It's no big deal.
Actually,
I have...a favor to ask you.
Hm? Oh, a favor.
Please don't
hold back, Master.
Tell me what I can
do to curry your favor,
-and it will be my pleasure
to comply. -Again...
F-f...
Now, then,
how can I
be of service to you?
F-f-f-f...
May I please borrow your phone?
No problem.
[AKAGAMI]
My brain's showing me
the most suggestive
maid poses possible!
I can't take it!
My phone, huh? Just a second.
[YUZUKI]
Let's see. Where'd I put it?
Hm?
[Yuzuki groaning]
There!
Guess it fell behind the bed.
[straining]
Almost...
Here you go, Akagami!
What's with all the blood?
You okay? You're acting weird!
[AKAGAMI]
Like you've got room to talk!
[YUZUKI]
Anyway.
Why do you need it?
It's actually your
phone number I need.
Turns out you
have to provide one
whenever
you apply for a job.
[sighs]
[AKAGAMI] It was
touch-and-go there,
but I managed
to get through it.
Hm? Yuzuki?
Hm...
Right!
Hey, Akagami.
So what kind of
clothes are you wearing?
[AKAGAMI]
She's asking me?!
Is she fishing for a comment
on the maid getup?
Forget it. I'm going to give
a straightforward answer.
They're a monk's robes.
Aren't they?
Mm. Yes, of course.
And you're wearing them
because you're in training,
which is what you need
to be focusing on
as opposed to looking for other
work outside of the temple.
Listen, those repairs
are going to be costly.
I just want to help.
I'm getting a job,
so don't worry about it.
You're in training
the same as I am.
And 500,000 yen
is an awful lot of money
for a high school student
working part time!
[YUZUKI]
It'll be fine.
I'll get five jobs or even six!
In what universe
is that anything
remotely resembling "fine?"
You'll see. It'll all work out.
At least be willing
to accept a little help!
Akagami.
I selected this path
all by myself.
Letting my battles be fought by
others, would be wrong.
Yuzuki...
I'll handle this alone.
Just like my mother would have.
[AKAGAMI] She's
trying to be like Tsukina,
the woman Tendou
was telling me about.
[YUZUKI]
Please, Akagami. Believe me.
I know I'll figure out a
way to get through this!
Yeah? Like what, exactly?
Well, I, uh...
I'll only work double shifts.
Can you hear yourself
right now?
Because you sound
pretty dopey!
Huh?!
I have a highly unusual
amount of work experience
so let me handle this!
You expect me to be convinced
when you won't even face me?
Seriously?
Sorry! I just can't
look at you right now!
Can't stand the sight of
me 'cause I'm so stupid?
That's not what I
was trying to say at all!
Then you're unable
to look me in the eye
because you realize
I'm right about this!
I humbly accept your apology.
That's not it either.
I can't look at you because
of what you're wearing!
[gasps]
Ah!
No way! Have I been
wearing this the whole time?
I couldn't imagine
a cuter, sexier outfit
than that one if I tried,
and believe me, I have!
It doesn't help that
you're very charming
and have extremely
beautiful eyes!
Will you shut up, you idiot?
I'm embarrassed
enough as it is!
Listen, I can explain!
The desire to have
you serve me as a maid
was more than I could handle!
I beg you, hear me out!
I see now.
What you're wearing
right now is, in fact,
your friend's work uniform.
Mm-mm.
When she offered to
get you a job where she works,
you borrowed it,
so you could try it on
[AKAGAMI] Then you happened
to fall asleep wearing it,
and that's when I showed up?
-[knocking]
-[gasps]
I must've nodded off.
I've been pounding
the pavement
looking for work,
and I'm totally beat.
Pretty funny. Huh?
This is what I'm talking about.
You're exhausted already!
Uh. No, I must have misspoken!
So you're still determined
to fight me on this, are you?
-I'm not tired!
-Yes, you are!
and the outfit
you're wearing proves it!
Fine! Wanna bet?
You test me to see how tired
or not I really am.
All you have to do is
make me fall asleep.
Do that, and you win.
Make you fall asleep?
Okay, but how?
I dunno. Try giving me
a massage or something!
Me, service a maid?
-Go on.
-[AKAGAMI] For real?
No way. This is impossible!
Just looking drives me crazy.
Actual touching
is out of the question!
Is there a problem, Akagami?
[gasps]
Uh. No...
Mm-hm?
Are you admitting defeat?
Well then, I'm afraid
I can't lend you my phone.
All right. Here we go.
[screams]
Hm.
So you've
found your motivation.
Still, my training
toughened me enough to--
[squeals]
[YUZUKI]
What's going on here?
This isn't fair.
Why are you so good at this?
[AKAGAMI]
This feeling. This reaction.
Yes! Right there!
She really is exhausted,
isn't she?
I'm sorry, Yuzuki,
but the body doesn't lie.
I'll begin by promoting
the flow of lymphatic fluid
from the back of her neck
to her shoulder blades.
Next,
I'll stretch her lower body
and improve her circulation
from top...to...bottom!
[EROMITSU] Her side-boobs
are totally exposed.
It's not your fault
if your hands slip.
[BAKAGAMI]
Don't you dare neglect
the thighs and rear end.
It's so important
that you loosen up
her entire body evenly.
[EROMITSU, BAKAGAMI]
Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it!
Akagami...
[EROMITSU, BAKAGAMI]
Do it! Do it!
[screaming]
I must hurry,
before I lose all reason!
[AKAGAMI AND YUZUKI screaming]
[YUZUKI]
Akagami, wait!
[chattering]
[squealing]
No!
[TSUKUYO]
Huh. Don't care for that.
Akagami! Now you've finally...
[cracking]
So good!
You've taken up wrestling?
[panting]
Hey, Yuzu.
What's with that maid outfit?
I promise there's
an explanation, Tsukuyo.
I did it.
You see? I'm not tired.
-[drowsing]
-Huh?!
You see? I'm not tired at--
Yuzuki, give it up already.
I'm telling you, I'll take
care of this on my own!
Why do you have
to be so stubborn?
Well. Because...
Never mind!
All of this has
nothing to do with you!
I see.
-Akagami--
-Fine!
If it's got nothing
to do with me,
I guess I'm free
to do what I want.
-Hey, Tsukuyo!
-Uh-huh?
I was wondering, would
you like to go out with me?
Great! Let's plan on tomorrow.
Go out? You mean...
[screaming]
[bell tolling]
Hey, Tsukuyo. Would you...
please go out with me?
Say what?
[AKAGAMI] And while we're at
it, will you marry me?
We'll consummate
things at once.
-Consummate?
-And then have kids.
So many kids!
Wait. No!
[screaming]
What'll it be?
Three trips to a sweets buffet.
-Can we make it two?
-No deal.
[TSUKUYO]
Fine.
[water trickling]
[TSUKUYO]
I suppose I'm still processing
what Akagami said yesterday.
I was wondering, would you like
to go out with me?
Huh?
I still can't believe
he asked me out on a date.
When did he develop
those kinds of feelings for me?
Or, wait.
Could I be misunderstanding
things again?
Ugh. I am, aren't I?
[sighs]
Definitely.
Well, I won't be
fooled this time.
Right.
Let's keep it casual today.
Nice and light.
♪
[TSUKUYO]
This is fine!
You didn't do any
of this for Akagami.
You're just excited to go out
and have fun on your day off.
Wouldn't want anyone
thinking you don't
care about your appearance.
Sorry about the wait.
Thanks for your patience.
Training ran a little long
this morning and held me up.
Hm?
[TSUKUYO]
Exactly as I suspected!
He looks the same as always.
This doesn't feel
date-like at all.
It's true.
I misunderstood his intentions.
Well, I must say,
you're looking even prettier
than usual, Tsukuyo.
Going out with as
beautiful a woman as you,
it makes me kind of nervous.
Ha! Exactly when did I
agree to go out with you?
Oh. Did I misunderstand
you yesterday?
[TSUKUYO]
Wait a second.
Don't fly off the handle.
There's no confusion,
all right?
Let's get out of here.
Huh? Okay, sounds good.
[TSUKUYO]
So...where are we going?
Over to the phone shop.
But I'm not sure
how to get there,
so I was hoping you
could lead the way.
[TSUKUYO] Right. You
lost your phone, didn't you?
And is that all?
Yeah, I think so.
Unless there's somewhere
you'd like to go.
Nowhere I can think of?
Not really.
I only came along because
I had nothing else to do today.
[TSUKUYO]
That's settled then.
I get it.
He brought me along
to be his guide.
Got any idea what kind of phone
you might want?
Yes.
My main objective is to spend
as little money as possible.
Hm?
This plan seemed
like a good fit.
For couples, huh?
Yep! After all, we are
living together, aren't we?
We do share a roof, yes!
I'm terribly sorry,
but you can't sign up
for that plan with a minor.
Oh, is that right?
Yeah, that makes sense.
If you're interested,
we could always set you up
with this plan instead.
It'll give you
plenty of minutes
to talk to the ones
you love.
Hmm.
Looks like the base
cost is pretty low.
Sure. I'll take it.
I'll pay using points, please.
I'm happy I could help you
Give me one moment
if you would.
[TSUKUYO] Man,
this is the absolute worst.
That clerk totally got
the wrong idea about us.
Is he doing this on
purpose to torture me?
Enough. I'm going home.
Here you go.
That's. Thanks for today.
This is that drink
you like, isn't it?
-Yeah.
-Oh! Did I get it wrong?
Nuh-uh.
No. You got it right.
I thought so.
[TSUKUYO]
How about that?
He may be a dummy,
but he pays attention.
Good.
Now, then.
It's getting late, huh?
Shall we go?
♪
What's wrong, Tsukuyo?
[TSUKUYO]
It's all my fault.
I completely misunderstood
everything that happened
from Akagami's "confession,"
to this supposed "date."
And this desire I have
to spend time with him?
I suppose that's
a misunderstanding, too.
Hey, Akagami?
Yes?
Um...well...
Hold on.
[TSUKUYO]
What do I think I'm doing?
Can I really say that?
I...
I think we should
exchange contact info.
Good idea!
[TSUKUYO]
Yeah. For today, at least,
I'll settle for this.
[AKAGAMI]
Whoa!
What's that "Whoa" all about?
This is the first time
I've ever exchanged
numbers with a woman!
Huh? Seriously?
Thanks to my name,
women hear "Akagami"
and they run screaming.
Ah, got it!
[TSUKUYO]
So I'm his first woman, and I?
Oh, give it a rest!
There's no deeper
meaning to any of this.
Lucky you!
Living with all these girls,
you'll get their numbers,
too, huh?
Man, what a haul!
I hadn't thought of that,
but I guess you're right.
Isn't that the reason you
bought a phone to begin with?
No, I-- Well, how
should I put this?
I need to engage in a bit
of secret communication.
[TSUKUYO]
Secret?
[AKAGAMI]
Are you asleep?
[TSUKUYO]
I'm still up.
Can I see you now?
What?
Tsukuyo,
No, we can't, Akagami.
We're going to
wake the others.
Let's give them
something to talk about!
[squealing]
Consummation?
[screaming]
Come on!
That's definitely
a misunderstanding!
Huh? Wow, is it really?
Wait, what is?
Hm?
[AKAGAMI]
You were a huge help today.
I think I'm really going
to love this phone.
I hope you'll continue
to help me in the future.
Talk to you later.
[TSUKUYO] Definitely for sure
a misunderstanding!
[yawning]
Oh, man, I really slept in.
-Morning, Akagami.
-Great!
Perfect timing, Tsukuyo.
Let's break up. That okay?
Huh?
To be quite honest, I found our
consummation rather boring.
Consummation?!
But we're not even dating.
Huh?! Wait a minute,
am I dreaming again?
Farewell, Tsukuyo.
From now on,
I'll be consummating
with this girl instead.
[gasps]
[giggling]
Akagami!
Who is that girl?
Also, what's the deal
with this background?
And why am I the butt of
the joke in my own dream?
[thuds]
[purring]
Kurage. What was that?
I call it
"super surprise concrete."
Not that I have
room to complain,
but you could've used
something a little softer.
[KAGURA]
Good morning.
[purring]
Here's a question.
What's something
that's impossible to do alone?
Uh. Kiss?
Uh. Marry?
Uh. Hug?
Have sex!
All correct.
And all so worldly.